this is where families in Rafa come
every day looking for their loved
ones the corpses of the Dead have been
mutilated by Israel's
bombardment the names written on the
white sheets are the only way to
identify the
victims Abu ABD was one of the first
people to rush to join effers to
retrieve people trapped under the
wreckage he says at least 100 displaced
civilians were seeking shelter in a
building when it came tumbling down at
night following Relentless Israeli air
strikes what was their crime tell me
were they carrying weapons shame on all
those who abandoned and betrayed us
shame on those who are silent Witnesses
shame on Arab leaders tell me what these
children and women did wrong to end up
as body
parts this is life in Gaza bed fam
saying farewell to their loved ones with
continuous Israeli attacks living
nowhere safe in Gaza funeral ceremonies
are kept short and buddies are rushed to
cemeteries the death tool among
civilians is on the rise most of them
are women and children despite
International condemnation Israel
insists it will continue the war until
Hamas is
defeated we are not murderers or
terrorists if they exterminate Gaza and
the assistance God will sprout in the SL
and we say that Gaza is the graveyard of
the
invaders no one here believes this war
is anywhere near ending the death and
destruction in Gaza are unprecedented
and for these people it's too painful to
Bear hash Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer